no-large-media: * true
no-large-media: behind-the-scene false
no-large-media: www.facebook.com false
no-popups: www.youtube.com true
no-remote-fonts: www.facebook.com true
no-remote-fonts: www.instagram.com true
no-remote-fonts: www.youtube.com true
* * 3p block
* * 3p-frame block
* * 3p-script block
* * image block
behind-the-scene * * noop
behind-the-scene * 1p-script noop
behind-the-scene * 3p noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-frame noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-script noop
behind-the-scene * image noop
behind-the-scene * inline-script noop
www.facebook.com * 1p-script noop
www.facebook.com * 3p block
www.facebook.com * 3p-frame block
www.facebook.com * 3p-script block
www.facebook.com * inline-script noop
www.facebook.com facebook.com * noop
www.facebook.com www.facebook.com * noop
www.facebook.com fbcdn.net * noop
github.com * 1p-script noop
github.com * 3p noop
github.com * inline-script noop
github.com github.com * noop
www.instagram.com * 1p-script block
www.instagram.com * 3p noop
www.instagram.com * 3p-frame block
www.instagram.com * 3p-script block
www.instagram.com * image noop
www.instagram.com * inline-script noop
www.instagram.com instagram.com * noop
www.instagram.com www.instagram.com * noop
www.youtube.com * 1p-script block
www.youtube.com * 3p block
www.youtube.com * 3p-frame block
www.youtube.com * 3p-script block
www.youtube.com * image block
www.youtube.com * inline-script noop
www.youtube.com googlevideo.com * block
www.youtube.com youtube.com * noop
www.youtube.com www.youtube.com * noop
